DOC-7523 -- Remove Inter-sync-gateway v1 and v2 references (#328)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/common-releasenotes.adoc

==== Other Notices

===== Minimum Version for Inter-Sync Gateway Replication

> In order to support Inter-Sync Gateway Replication, all active nodes in active cluster must be running Sync Gateway 2.8+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support the version of Inter-Sync Gateway Replication introduced with 2.8, all nodes in the active cluster must be running Sync Gateway 2.8+.
```

=== Upgrading

// tag::upgrading[]

> In order to support Inter-Sync Gateway Replication, all active nodes in an active cluster must be running Sync Gateway version 2.8+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support the version of Inter-Sync Gateway Replication introduced with 2.8, all nodes in the active cluster must be running Sync Gateway 2.8+.
```

====
Inter-Sync Gateway Replication versions available for use on an active node::

* Pre-Sync Gateway 2.8 -- only SG{nbsp}Replicate is available

> * For Pre-Sync Gateway 2.8+ -- you may run Inter-Sync Gateway Replication and SG{nbsp}Replicate (deprecated)

Reviewer: The second line is confusing. "Pre-Sync Gateway 2.8+" ?? Did you mean "Sync Gateway 2.8" ?

Author: indeed I did

> * For Pre-Sync Gateway 2.8+ -- you may run Inter-Sync Gateway Replication and SG{nbsp}Replicate (deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Sync Gateway 2.8+ -- you may run the version of Inter-Sync Gateway Replication introduced in 2.8 or SG{nbsp}Replicate (deprecated)
```

> SG versions compatible as a passive node as part of SGR1/SGR2 replications::

Reviewer: GENERAL: Remove use of "SGR" everywhere

> * SG{nbsp}Replicate can target any Inter-Sync Gateway Replication version

Reviewer: I do not know where this shows up. Whats the context? Seems very confusion the way its worded 
Why not just have a matrix which shows versions of Sync Gateway and what inter-sync gateway replications  options exist ?

Reviewer: GENERAL:  Use "Inter-Sync Gateway Replication introduced in Sync Gateway 2.8" to refer to new one ..Its wordy but clearer 
(Treat "SG-Replicate" as  the version of Inter-Sync Gateway Replication protocol  pre SGW 2.8 )

Author: @priya Can it just be "inter-Sync Gateway replication (2.8+)" ... or where contextually appropriate have 'introduced at 2.8' as a footnote?
